I have a college degree and that allows me to apply to be an officer but
not everybody who has that degree wants to go that route. So, to
be an officer, you have to want to manage people, do lots of paperwork
sometimes, to be in charge of the success or the failure of an entire
unit and that carries a lot of responsibility. I'm an enlisted
person and I do supervise the people that are underneath me. However,
an officer's main goal is to become more and more important down the
line. So, for instance, if you're a captain or even a commander,
you could have 300-400 people underneath you and that's the main goal
of most officers. For an enlisted person, you're more technically
based. So, even though you have a small unit, that drive to want to
lead people is slightly different.